SqlClient and EntityFrameworkCore instrumentation - support for db.statement for text queries (#3255)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Support `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_SQLCLIENT_SET_DBSTATEMENT_FOR_TEXT`
>   and `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_ENTITYFRAMEWORKCORE_SET_DBSTATEMENT_FOR_TEXT`
>   (default values: `false`) environment variables which controls whether
>  `db.statement` attribute is set for text queries for SQL Client
>   and Entity Framework Core instrumentations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_SQLCLIENT_SET_DBSTATEMENT_FOR_TEXT`
  and `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_ENTITYFRAMEWORKCORE_SET_DBSTATEMENT_FOR_TEXT`
  environment variables which controls whether the `db.statement` attribute is set for text
  queries for SQL Client and Entity Framework Core instrumentations. The default value for
  both environment variables is `false` due to the risk of leaking sensitive information in the
  collected database queries.
```

### Added

- Support for `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_SQLCLIENT_SET_DBSTATEMENT_FOR_TEXT`
  and `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_ENTITYFRAMEWORKCORE_SET_DBSTATEMENT_FOR_TEXT`
  environment variables which controls whether the `db.statement`

>   attribute is set for text  queries for SQL Client and Entity Framework Core

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  attribute is set for SQL statements for SQL Client and Entity Framework Core
```
